Deadline: 12/10/2023
Amount: up to $3,200.00 per year

Who Is Eligible
BMCC students with at least 12 BMCC credits bearing courses and have a minimum cumulative of 3.0 GPA.
Demonstrate financial Need (All applicants must file for FAFSA regardless of their status those not able to file online, will complete a paper FAFSA when selected for the scholarship}).
Students in programs such as ASAP and Out-In-Two are ineligible to apply.
Be matriculated for your first degree (please do not apply if you hold an Associate’s, Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Doctorate degree)
Register for at least 12 real credits that are going towards your major each semester after receiving the scholarship.
Students receiving any BMCC scholarship are ineligible to apply.
Requirements
Complete application on-line. (See instructions below under information)
Please select and answer one of the essay questions below:
Write an essay describing factors and/or events that have had the most   significance in shaping your academic, personal or career goals.
What life experiences have shaped who you are today and what challenges have you personally overcome in achieving your education (i.e. financial, personal, medical, etc.).
Upload a copy of your CCT or submit one letter of recommendation from a BMCC faculty or staff member.  (If you have a CCT, the Scholarship Office will obtain a copy on your behalf). If you do not have a CCT, or do not know what a CCT is, you are to submit a recommendation letter. No family member should write a letter for you. You will be disqualified if your letter is written by a family member or friend. The letter of recommendation must be submitted on-line – No paper recommendations will be accepted).
To request the recommendation, go to page 5 of the on-line application. Enter the recommender’s name and e-mail address in the space provided. As soon as you do, they will receive a link with instructions to write the recommendation on your behalf. It is your responsibility to check in with your recommender to make sure that they received the link.

How to apply
To access the BMCC Full-time Scholarship Application, follow the steps below:

1. Visit the BMCC Portal
2. Login (Your login information is your student e-mail login)
3. After you have logged in successfully, click on the “Scholarship Manager” icon.
4. Look for BMCC Foundation Inc. Scholarship Application-Spring 2024 and click on “Start Application Now” (Follow the instructions to complete the application).

Please email sgyamfi@bmcc.cuny.edu if you have any questions.

Selection Process
A selection committee reviews all scholarship applications. Scholarships are awarded on the basis of academic records, career objectives, financial need, leadership abilities, participation in school activities, and or community service.

Conditions for the Scholarship if selected:
Students selected for the scholarship must:
• register for at least 12 BMCC credits bearing courses that will be counted towards your major
• complete all remediation by the end of the first semester the scholarship is received
• maintain at least 12 real credits, and a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0
• volunteer and or provide services for BMCC/Community events.
• Attend MoneyWorks Seminars